Additions to Handbook for Clarity during Onboarding (#10)
tidepool-org/data-science-handbook: instructions/meetings.md

## Meeting Best Practices
* Meetings should have good agendas and clear purposes.

> * A check-in should occur at the beginning of each meeting to make sure that the meeting will be effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A check-in should occur at the beginning of each meeting to make sure that everyone is in a good place to have a productive meeting. If someone is not feeling well, distracted by current events, etc. then a motion should be made to reschedule the meeting.
```

> * For now, we will record most meeting sessions for future reference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We record most meeting sessions for future reference, but it is best practice to start the recording after the check-in. 
```
